TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[thunder rumbling]
‐ Damn! Just how far
is that bird gonna fly?
‐ [echoing] Huh?
Hey!
‐ [growls]
‐ [cracking]
That's so rude!
I can't believe
the two of you
had the gall to jump
over me like that! Ohh!
‐ Takechiyo,
give me a lift, will you?!
I can't catch up to those two!
They run way too fast!
[both grunting]
‐ Uhh! Now give me
one good reason‐‐
‐ Here.
‐ Oh, my gosh! This is so good!
What are these called?
‐ These treats are called
Rock Paper Scissor Gummies.
And there's more
where that came from.
‐ OK, it's a deal!
Now hold on tight!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Dream Gazing Trap."
[insects chirping]
[water flowing]
‐ Hmm.
‐ A man who fishes at night
has good taste.
‐ Look what we have here.
Lord Riku.
Coming all this way
wasn't necessary.
If it's business,
you can call on Takechiyo.
‐ [grunts]
I finally met her.
‐ Met who, if I may be so bold?
‐ Lord Sesshomaru's daughter.
Her name was Lady Towa,
I believe.
She was a fine young woman,
and she's got a certain
something that we lack.
‐ Yes, she and the other two
should be able to defeat
the Four Perils for you.
‐ I never cared
for the Four Perils.
Those guys have poor taste.
‐ Well, sir, I for one cannot
begin to thank you enough
for your continued patronage.
‐ Mr. Jyubei, finish off
the other Four Perils.
I've decided to take
their Rainbow Pearls.
You will do this for me,
won't you?
[tone chimes]
‐ It will be as you say.
However, with your powers,
I'm certain
you could make short work
of the Four Perils yourself.
There's no need
to put a bounty on them.
‐ Come on, now.
Weren't you listening?
I absolutely loathe
the Four Perils.
The only time I'd be
willing to take a life
is if I'm taking it
from someone that I love.
And so I'll handle
the Half‐Demon Princesses
and their three
Rainbow Pearls myself.
[chuckles]
Though I do wonder,
can I wait 'til
all seven pearls are gathered?
[wings flapping]
‐ My plan is ruined.
I might be powerful, but there's
no way I can take on all three
of those vicious
Half‐Demon Princesses at once.
Lady Kyuki! Lady Kyuki!
[screams]
My lady! Why would you
refuse to let me inside?!
‐ Yotsume, you fool!
‐ [whimpering]
Lady Kyuki?
‐ Were you too busy
cowering to notice?
The Half‐Demon Princesses
followed you
and are not far behind!
‐ [moans]
Please accept
my sincerest apologies.
[energy crackles]
‐ [gasps]
That, it's a Rainbow Pearl.
‐ Yotsume,
I want you to use this
and suss out
all their weaknesses.
To that end, use the full extent
of your power.
‐ But what do you mean?
‐ The Dream Gazing spell.
‐ Right!
Yes, how could I forget?
‐ Also, the Half‐Demon
Princess Towa,
be certain to peer
into her Reiwa world.
‐ Lady Kyuki,
thank you for allowing me
to use the Rainbow Pearl's
demon power!
[music playing]
MOROHA: So this is
Kyuki's fortress, huh?
Thanks for leading us
all the way here, Yotsume.
What's this?
Looks like you got yourself
a little makeover.
‐ Shut up!
‐ Not so fast!
Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
‐ [gasping]
[yells]
‐ Alright! I got him!
I'm gonna send you
to the afterlife
with my Kurikaramaru!
Crimson Dragon Wa‐‐Eh?
‐ You idiot!
‐ What?
‐ Moroha!
‐ [gasps] My energy.
[groans]
[thinking] What the hell?
I can't move.
‐ Moroha!
Are you alright?
‐ Don't drop your guard.
He's pretty dangerous.
‐ [laughs]
You'll be joining her next!
‐ Takechiyo,
can't you fly faster?
‐ I'm already flying
pretty fast, you know.
‐ Well, not fast enough!
Open up!
‐ [grunts]
[gasps] Yummy!
‐ It's a pineapple
Rock Paper Scissor candy.
Hold it in your mouth
long enough,
and it'll change its flavor.
‐ Alright!
You've got me all fired up now!
‐ Good. Let's get going.
I have chocolates, too,
if you need a boost.
‐ Here I go!
‐ [panting]
‐ Take this!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [laughs]
You can't
stay hidden there forever.
Why don't you come on out?
There you are!
‐ [gasps] Damn it!
[gasps]
[sighs]
‐ What the‐‐
Does this one
not have any dreams?
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Towa, stay back!
‐ [chuckles]
The third Half‐Demon Princess
has finally arrived.
Take this! Hah!
[both gasp]
‐ What is this?
‐ Why can't I move my body?
‐ Towa, wake up.
Towa!
‐ [groans]
‐ Setsuna.
‐ Towa.
‐ Sorry.
‐ Towa!
‐ [laughs] Now,
why don't you show me
the future, Princess Half‐Demon!
SETSUNA: You're all
such a handful.
I see. He's peering
inside their minds
to try and find
their weaknesses.
If so...
Rise up!
Cyclone Burst!
‐ [screams]
‐ So you want to leave
this young lad with me, then?
What did the Elder,
Hachiemon, have to say?
I see. But if you're set
on leaving him here,
I'm going to have
to put him to work this time.
I won't be able to treat him
the way I did before.
MOROHA: Huh? Is this a dream?
Why would I have
a dream like this?
Whose dream is it, anyway?
TAKECHIYO: Huh? Where am I?
‐ You're such a good girl,
aren't you, now?
‐ Kagome!
Hurry. They're already here.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ [grunts]
‐ This is a keepsake
from Inuyasha's mother.
[teardrop echoes]
I decided if we had a girl,
I was going
to give this to her.
[sighs]
Hachi, please
take care of her.
TAKECHIYO: What? Oh, no.
That's Lord Kirinmaru
over there!
TOWA: A butterfly?
Did I become a butterfly?
[whooshing]
TOWA: Poor Setsuna.
This is how her dreams
are taken away.
‐ Are you ready to die?
‐ I don't understand!
Why don't you have any dreams?!
‐ I'm not so weak
as to rely on dreams.
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [screaming]
[scream fades]
SETSUNA: A Rainbow Pearl?
I see now.
He must have been using that.
MOROHA: Setsuna!
‐ You're awake?
‐ Yotsume...
you were
an utter disappointment.
Oh, well. At least
the spell's still in effect.
Now, what kind of dream
will you have?
TOWA: That's the Sacred Tree.
[water drips]
‐ So you've returned,
Dream Butterfly.
TOWA: That voice...
Oh! The Tree of Ages
is speaking.
Who is this woman?
TREE: The poor soul.
Being unable to sleep
is harrowing,
but so, too, is a slumber
that never ceases.
Don't you agree,
daughter of Sesshomaru?
[Towa gasps]
[gasps]
‐ Well, finally.
‐ Ah, you're awake.
‐ We were all
under a dream spell.
‐ Wait. A dream?
But I...
Where's Yotsume?!
‐ Prepare yourself
to be astounded!
Setsuna killed Yotsume
while the rest of us
were in dreamland.
‐ Huh?
MOROHA: She burnt him to ashes,
which means no bounty
for me to collect.
‐ What's the deal, Setsuna?
We were supposed to try
and get information out of him.
‐ I know, right? So rude!
‐ Our situation didn't allow
for such a luxury.
‐ Hey, you shouldn't be
fighting at a time like this!
You still have a job to do!
It's time to charge in to one
of the Four Perils' fortresses!
SETSUNA: Right.
TOWA: Yeah, I know.
MOROHA: And this time,
I'll be sure to collect
that huge bounty of hers.
‐ [laughs]
The dreams were quite blended,
but all in all, I think
I follow what's going on.
The Tree of Ages' involvement
in this incident
was rather unexpected, though.
[laughs]
‐ MOROHA: Hey, Kyuki!
‐ Eh?
‐ Spying on people's dreams
while they sleep?
Do you realize
how disgusting that is?
‐ Half‐Demon Princesses,
‐ you made it.
‐ [all gasp]
‐ You three wretches are
Lord Kirinmaru's enemies,
so I, Kyuki of the Four Perils,
will now take it upon myself
to punish you in his name!
[grunts]
[rocks falling]
‐ Hah! Kyuki of the Four Perils?
Sorry, but since we
took care of Tokotsu,
there's only three of you left.
We even handled your buddies
Fubuki and Yotsume,
so you're on your own, lady!
You ain't got
a chance in hell to win.
In fact,
you gotta be pretty crazy
to even think you can
still take us on at this point.
So be a nice demon,
and hand over your head!
‐ Hmph. You're a feisty one,
aren't you?
But, Half‐Demon Princesses,
could you really be so naive
as to think
that glancing into your dreams
was the full extent of my plan?
‐ [gasps] It's not?
Do I seem the type to bluff?
Use that rouge of yours,
become Beniyasha, and find out.
‐ Oh, now I'm pissed!
You're gonna eat those words!
‐ [chuckles]
‐ No, Moroha! Wait.
‐ Look at her face.
She's up to something.
Don't do it!
‐ Listen up. With this rouge,
I become Beniyasha,
the Destroyer of Lands.
Tremble before
the bloodthirsty dawn!
Bear witness to your end,
if you so dare!
‐ Huh?
‐ [both gasp]
‐ Wait. What?
‐ I made a few improvements
to Yotsume's
Dream Gazing spell.
The best part is I've made it
so this Rainbow Pearl can
absorb all your demon energy.
‐ [gasps]
[music playing]
‐ Oh, no. Even my Kikujumonji.
‐ I see.
Now, out of the three of us,
I'm the only one
who can face you.
‐ [chuckles] And how well
do you think that will go
all on your own?
[grunts]
[both yelp]
‐ [grunting]
Impressive.
You did say you weren't
so weak to rely on dreams.
Seems that wasn't a lie.
KYUKI: Brace yourself,
Princess Half‐Demon.
‐ So that's your true form, huh?
Scourge of Swallows!
What?
‐ My Rainbow Pearl
has the power to absorb
any demon energy in the area,
including yours.
‐ We're in deep trouble, Towa.
‐ We have to come up
with a plan fast.
Otherwise, Setsuna's gonna be‐‐
‐ That's right!
Remember when you went up
against that ghost cat?
You were able to absorb
just its demon energy
without killing the monk.
According to Grandpa Myoga,
you have the ability to steal
energy from other demons.
‐ But I was desperately trying
to save Juan at the time,
so I have no idea how I did it.
‐ Well, desperate times call
for desperate measures, Towa.
Iron‐Reaver, Soul‐Stealer!
‐ [gasps]
Hey, what did you do that for?!
‐ I hit you with demon energy.
Transfer it to the Kikujumonji.
‐ [gasps] Transfer it?
[Setsuna and Kyuki
yelling, grunting]
‐ [gasps] It grew a little.
‐ That means the more
demon energy attacks you take,
the more you can
hit 'em back ten times over
with your own energy thrown in.
‐ Ah.
‐ But remember, this only works
if you can withstand
your enemy's attacks.
'Cause if you can't...
‐ What happens?
‐ You'll end up dead.
‐ Well, that's obvious.
‐ Towa, you're the only one
of us who can do this.
You got one chance.
Now listen up.
‐ [Setsuna grunting]
‐ [naginata clanging]
‐ Alright. I'll give it a shot.
[grunts]
Over here, Kyuki.
[yells]
‐ [groans]
‐ Towa!
Don't push yourself!
‐ [groans]
It's her demon energy.
[energy chimes]
Alright.
SETSUNA: Her demon blade grew.
I get it. She's absorbing
the energy she gets hit with.
Not bad, Towa.
I better get to work, too.
Cyclone Burst!
[gasps] Not again.
KYUKI: How many times
do I have to tell you?
All the demon energy
you throw at me
is being absorbed by this Pearl.
‐ Towa, you've got one shot.
Don't mess up.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Now!
‐ What?
‐ Alright!
‐ Towa!
‐ [yelling]
RIKU: Looks like
I made it in time.
‐ If you don't mind my saying,
it's kind of unusual that you're
coming to observe, Lord Riku.
‐ [chuckles]
I was struck
with the urge, is all.
The Azure Dragon Wave
you got from Lord Sesshomaru,
go on and show it to me,
won't you, Lady Towa?
‐ [yells]
[breathes deeply]
‐ Amazing.
‐ Here I go!
[groans]
‐ Oh, no.
She has enough demon energy,
but her sword still lacks
the will to destroy the enemy.
KYUKI: All that demon energy,
and that's the best you can do?
[laughs]
‐ Are you still hesitating?
‐ TOWA: Why?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Why can't I beat her?
Why?
Damn it! Why?!
‐ Towa, watch out!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [groans]
‐ Setsuna.
Hey, Setsuna!
Come on! Say something!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Oh, no.
It happened again.
‐ [gasps] Sis, look out!
‐ I'm always
the one being saved...
even though
I'm the older sister.
KYUKI: What?
[music playing]
‐ [yells]
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ [groans]
[screaming]
[scream fades]
‐ [panting]
‐ Setsuna!
‐ Eh?
‐ Are you OK?
‐ Don't worry. I'm fine.
I was only out for a second.
‐ Setsuna!
‐ [both gasp]
‐ You're OK!
‐ You had me worried there!
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [groans] What?
It's you.
‐ That was pathetic.
‐ [gasping]
Riku.
‐ Losing to that half‐assed
Azure Dragon Wave is just sad.
[tone chimes]
[groans] Damn you, Riku.
‐ This is why I hate you guys.
‐ OK, hold still. Done.
‐ What is this thing?
‐ It's a band‐aid.
‐ RIKU: Lady Towa.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh, hey, Riku.
But what in the world
are you doing here?
‐ Well, I‐‐
‐ Hey, show some respect,
will you?!
This is our highly esteemed
client, Lord Riku!
‐ You got that?!
‐ Hello, everyone.
It's a pleasure to meet you all.
‐ [gasps]
‐ TAKECHIYO: Listen up!
‐ Hmm?
‐ You've done well
by defeating Kyuki,
so here's your reward,
one whole bag of gold!
‐ [squeals]
No starving to death
for this girl!
‐ Lady Towa,
I must take my leave.
‐ 'K. See you! [chuckles]
‐ Oh, and don't
forget our promise!
‐ This, however,
I will be keeping with me,
‐ my dear princess.
‐ Yeah, I remember.
I'm bring some with me
next time. I promise, OK?
[Japanese music playing]
KONTON: How dare
you lump me in
with this country's demons?
So distasteful.
TOWA: Konton,
a demon from the mainland,
has murdered the father
of Meifuku, a Meioju.
MOROHA: We'll help you out, kid,
so come on! Let's go!
TOWA: Moroha tries to use
the boy's sturdy shell
as a shield, but wait. What?
MEIFUKU: That lady is scary,
so I'll become
your armor instead.
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Meifuku, the Meioju."
MEIFUKU:
There's no way I can win.